[IMP] payment_providers: payment provider amount restrictions (#15775)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/payment_providers.rst

   By default, the payment provider remains **unpublished** in test mode so that it's not visible to
   visitors.

Customizing payment amounts
===========================

To customize payment providers, Odoo allows the configuration of payment amount restrictions. This
helps companies comply with specific government regulations or vendor contract requirements.

There are several ways to navigate to the :guilabel:`Payment Providers` page. Go to the
**Accounting**, **Website**, or **Sales** app and then click :menuselection:`Configuration -->
Payment Providers`.

On the :guilabel:`Payment Providers` page, select the desired payment provider and click the
:guilabel:`Configuration` tab. In the :guilabel:`Availability` section, :ref:`customize payment

> restrictions <payment_providers/availability>`.

Reviewer: Could you please remove this paragraph? I don't think it's necessary anymore 🙂

   By default, the payment provider remains **unpublished** in test mode so that it's not visible to
   visitors.

> Customizing payment amounts

Reviewer: All pre-existing fields you describe here are already covered in the [Availability section of this doc page](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/applications/finance/payment_providers.html#availability). I’d suggest adding a dedicated Pricelist subsection there and updating the Maximum amount heading to Maximum and minimum amount.

Everything else introduced in this PR under that new section (including the important note and the screenshot) doesn’t seem necessary to me.

   cardholder data or process payments. Instead, it outsources tokenization and payment to
   :ref:`external payment providers <payment_providers/online_providers>`, which means an Odoo
   customer only needs to complete the minimal Self-Assessment Questionnaire (SAQ) with the provider
   to obtain the Attestation of Compliance (AoC) and achieve PCI compliance. Odoo should not be
   mentioned as a payment processor or a third-party service provider in the :abbr:`SAQ
   (Self-Assessment Questionnaire)`.

.. _payment_providers/manual_capture:

Manual capture
==============

:ref:`If the payment provider supports this feature <payment_providers/online_providers>`, the user
authorizes and captures payments in two steps. To enable this feature, go to the
:guilabel:`Configuration` tab of the selected payment provider and check the :guilabel:`Capture
Amount Manually` checkbox.

When authorizing a payment, the funds are reserved on the customer's payment method but not
immediately charged. They are charged when the user manually captures the payment later on. The user
can also void the authorization to cancel it and release the reserved funds. Capturing payments

> manually is helpful in many situations:

Reviewer: I'd change this back to what it was, referring to the reader as "the user" can be confusing imo. We avoid using you/your when possible and when it doesn't make the sentence more confusing or awkward (which I find is the case here)

- Receive the payment confirmation and wait until the order is shipped to capture the payment.
- Review and verify that orders are legitimate before the payment is completed and the fulfillment
  process starts.
- Avoid potentially high refund fees for refunded payments: Payment providers will not charge the

>   user for voiding an authorization.

Reviewer: same as above

Express checkout
================

:ref:`If the payment provider supports this feature <payment_providers/online_providers>`, the user
can allow customers to use the :guilabel:`Google Pay` and :guilabel:`Apple Pay` buttons and pay
their eCommerce orders in one click. When they use one of these buttons, customers go straight from
the cart to the confirmation page without filling out the contact form. They just have to validate
the payment on Google's or Apple's payment form.

To enable this feature, go to the :guilabel:`Configuration` tab of the selected payment provider and

> check the :guilabel:`Allow Express Checkout` checkbox.

Reviewer: I'd change this back to what is was

Availability
============

The :guilabel:`Availability` section manages payment limits for each payment provider through the
following areas:

- Designating the :guilabel:`Minimum amount` and :guilabel:`Maximum amount` payment thresholds.
- Restrict transactions by specific :guilabel:`Currencies` and :guilabel:`Countries`.
- Customizing which :guilabel:`Pricelists` apply to the provider.

.. tip::
   To display an availability report for payment providers and payment methods, and to help diagnose
   potential availability issues on the payment form, enable the :ref:`developer-mode`, then click
   the :icon:`fa-bug` (:guilabel:`bug`) icon next to the :guilabel:`Choose a payment method` heading
   on the payment form. The report includes a list of enabled payment providers and payment methods,
   reasons for any payment providers or methods not being available, if applicable, and a list of
   supported providers for each payment method.

.. _payment_providers/maximum_amount:

Minimum and maximum amount
--------------------------

The user sets the :guilabel:`Minimum Amount` and :guilabel:`Maximum Amount` that can be paid with

> the selected provider. Leave the field to `0.00` to make the payment provider available regardless

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the selected provider. Leave the fields to `0.00` to make the payment provider available regardless
```

     remains available, even though it is possible the payment will be refused at a later stage
     should the country or currency not be supported.

Pricelists
----------

> The user selects specifc :guilabel:`Pricelists` that can apply to the payment provider. Leaving the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select specific :guilabel:`Pricelists` that can apply to the payment provider. Leaving the
```
